CI/CD
What do you understand by CICD?
What does the CICD pipeline in your project looks like?
Tell me which tools you will use to configure your cicd pipeline? Why?

Git
What is distributed version control?
Difference b/w SVN and Git?
Difference between git push, pull and fetch?
What is a local and remote repo in git?
How do you resolve a merge conflict?

Github
What is the branching strategy you follow in your company?
What is the peer review process you use?
What are tags and branches?
Have you ever used git rebase? when?

Maven
Why do we need maven?
How do you configure maven? 
What is settings.xml?
Migrated my project from Nexus2 to Nexus3 but after that maven is not able to retrieve dependencies?
How can we clear maven cache?
What is the maven lifecycle?
Have you ever use maven release plugin? How do you use it?

Jenkins
How do you take Jenkins backup?
What is RBAC in Jenkins? 
What is the difference between pipeline, multibranch pipeline and freestyle jobs?
How do you configure a node against your Jenkins instance?
How do you configure java in jenkins?
Can I deploy to EC2 using jenkins ? How?
I am unable to checkout my github repo? how will i troubleshoot?

Nexus
What are different types of repositories in nexus?
How do you deploy any artifact to nexus using maven?
What is GAVC in pom.xml?
What is pom and superpom? Can I compile a project without pom? How? 

Ansible
How does ansible connects to target servers?
Why do we need ansible? What are roles in ansible? 
Which modules have you used in ansible?
Explain any technical challenge you encountered while using ansible and how did you resolve it?
How will you use ansible to deploy to EC2?

Docker
What do you understand by containerization?
What is the difference between entrypoint and cmd?
Have you written a dockerfile ? Explain?
How do you troubleshoot a container ? 
I am running a container on my machine and it is a tomcat container? i want to access it from my machine but I am not able to access it from browser? How will I fix it?

EC2
What are auto scaling groups in EC2?
Application is running on an EC2 instance on port 8081 but it is unable to access it from host browser? How will you fix this issue?
How do you monitor the state of your cloud infrastructure?

S3
What is the difference between S3, EBS and EFS?
How much is the capacity of S3 bucket and how can you increase it?
Can I host S3 across different availability zones? Why and how?
how can I access S3 bucket from EC2 server?
How many buckets can I create in S3?
What is an availability zone in aws? Can I run an application in multiple AZ? how?

IAM
What are roles in IAM? 
How do I create and attach policy to role?

Terraform/Cloudformation
What is the difference between the two?
Which one do you prefer and why?
What is a state file in terraform? Where do you store it?
What will happen if I delete the state file mistakenly?
Which modules have you used in terraform? Give example?